# Alpha Testing

## Sneaky Software

## Vision Statement
For people who want to create and play elimination-based live-action mobile games (like Assassin! or Humans Vs. Zombies), the Elimination Framework and API is an web application (and associated mobile apps) that allows for a host to make a game, set rules, and invite other users to join the game. Elimination-based live action games involve players being assigned other players as targets and then proceeding to attempt to eliminate their target/targets, traditionally with mock-projectiles (like Nerf-guns or balled up socks), by whatever rules are established for the specific game, until either the last player/team is remaining. Unlike current methods for playing elimination-based live-action games, our full website will remove the subjectivity that comes from a human moderator and human players determining a successful elimination and also make adding more rules and features (like player skill modifiers, a player inventory, and methods of elimination) to games easier and more fun. The application will store user accounts, skills, and stats from previous and on-going games, as well as make decisions for furthering current games and setting up new ones.

### https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/

### Any other info needed for testing
To test our sight fully, you should
1) Register an account. You'll need a picture with a face.
2) Create a game and/or join a game.
3) Possibly make other accounts to join the game so you can test the target functionality.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!

---

## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks

Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---

## Abby Horner

__[Presentation]__ Some of the badges on the dashboard seem to be a little skewed, like off center or resized weirdly or something.

__[ShoutOut]__ That aside, this site looks awesome. The colors and the font choices really stand out, I love it.

__[Defect]__ On the upload faces page, when I upload an image and hit check, it just hangs. Gives me the "Checking Images..." status but doesn't seem to be doing anything else.
  1. *Scenario*: Checking faces via the provided user interface.
  2. *Steps*:  Start on the Upload Faces page (from dashboard). Pick an image (I only had one, so that's all I did, don't know if it requires multiples). Click the check images button.
  3. *Actual Result*: Page displays to user a message that it's checking, and then hangs and does nothing else.
  4. *Expected Result*: ???
  5. *Remarks*: To be honest, I'm not *totally* clear on what this page does, but I'm guessing it's something :P

__[Defect]__ On my badges page, I have two badges: RequestToPlayBadge and FriendRequestBadge. The RequestToPlayBadge shows the description and image just fine, but the FriendRequestBadge shows no description and has a broken image.

__[Defect]__ when changing my email registered with my account, the email it shows in the navbar doesn't change, despite not being my account default anymore. This also affects login logic - I can't log in with the new email I've set, but I can with the old one.
  1. *Scenario*: Have an account registered with one email (ORIGINAL_EMAIL), but want to change it to something else (NEW_EMAIL)
  2. *Steps to replicate*: From Dashboard, click "Edit Profile", then click the gears in the top right to edit account settings. Fill out the email space with NEW_EMAIL and click Save button.
  3. *Actual Result*: Email is changed to NEW_EMAIL in the edit user settings page, but navbar and login logic still use ORIGINAL_EMAIL
  4. *Expected Result*: All instances and uses of ORIGINAL_EMAIL should be replaced by NEW_EMAIL

__[Deficiency]__ On your help page, quite a few of your questions listed have no real answer. As someone who is new to the site, this makes learning what to do a bit difficult :-) Also, the "How Do I Assassinate My Target" question's answer is "However you want!" which would be fine for someone who is familiar with the game, but I think an elaboration would help greatly.

__[Deficiency]__ Your FAQ pop up has the same problems as your help page, but actually has different answers. On that note, your pop up has an email to contact you but your help page does not, which it should.

__[Recommendation]__ Your feature to search for games is case-sensitive. So there is a game with the name "TESTING" already available. If I search "testing" or "testING" or anything other than exactly "TESTING", I get no results. You should rework that so it doesn't check case.

__[Recommendation]__ We should be able to click on user's names (like on the Players page) so we can see their profile before sending a friend request.

__[Recommendation]__ On the page to edit user settings (not profile settings), it shows my birthday along with the timestamp of 12 AM, the default. It shouldn't show the timestamp as we don't set that, and also it's weird :)

__[ShoutOut]__ Had to really dig to find things to be nitpicky about, this is a great project!
