# Alpha Testing

## Sneaky Software

## Vision Statement
For people who want to create and play elimination-based live-action mobile games (like Assassin! or Humans Vs. Zombies), the Elimination Framework and API is an web application (and associated mobile apps) that allows for a host to make a game, set rules, and invite other users to join the game. Elimination-based live action games involve players being assigned other players as targets and then proceeding to attempt to eliminate their target/targets, traditionally with mock-projectiles (like Nerf-guns or balled up socks), by whatever rules are established for the specific game, until either the last player/team is remaining. Unlike current methods for playing elimination-based live-action games, our full website will remove the subjectivity that comes from a human moderator and human players determining a successful elimination and also make adding more rules and features (like player skill modifiers, a player inventory, and methods of elimination) to games easier and more fun. The application will store user accounts, skills, and stats from previous and on-going games, as well as make decisions for furthering current games and setting up new ones.

### https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/

### Any other info needed for testing
To test our sight fully, you should
1) Register an account. You'll need a picture with a face.
2) Create a game and/or join a game.
3) Possibly make other accounts to join the game so you can test the target functionality.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!

---

## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## Devon Smith
_Testers: Write your handwritten/typed reports by following this pattern_

__[Recommendation]__
The about the elimination framework page would be much easier to read without the accordion. Perhaps with a jump list/table of contents at the top of the page that lets you jump to and anchor on the page for anything you want to read. Having to click through the accordion was rather slow. Waiting for the animation before I could read more was very time consuming. I do like how compact it makes the page look, but it makes reading the information a laborious affair.

__[Recommendation]__
The image needed to be reuploaded every time I needed to restart the registration form. I did this a couple times because I didn’t meet the password strength requirements and typed the passwords on the second attempt. Each time the image information would get reset.

__[Recommendation]__
When joining a game, it would be nice to view the profiles of the players in the game. Maybe by clicking on their username. As a level 1 player you may not want to join a game with many high level experienced players.

__[Recommendation]__
It would be cool to see your statistics on the dashboard as a graph (Line or bar graph). Might be easy to implement using Chart.js.

__[Presentation]__
Many of the image associated with the dashboard are off center. You might consider centering the images in the little red circle for the buttons for the various functions on the dashboard. I don't know if this is an alignment issue with css or a problem with the images themselves.

__[Presentation]__
The badges icon is severely distorted. It is stretched and distorted. 

__[Deficiency]__
I was unable to find a way to upload a new image for my user account. This may be a feature that’s not implemented, or I was unable to find it on the “Edit profile” page.

__[Deficiency]__
Skills and Inventory do not appear to be implemented. Perhaps you could use visual indication (like a disabled black and white image) to indicate that these features are not available. 
To reproduce:
* Make sure you’re logged in with a valid account.
* Browse to “/Dashboard”
* Click on either Skills or “Inventory”

__[Deficiency]__
Upon leaving a game you receive a message “Theresource you are looking for has been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.”
Steps to reproduce:
* When logged in and on “/Dashboard”
* Click on “Join a game”
* Once you’ve joined a game, click “Leave game”

__[Defect]__
Clicking on the upload image button does provides the user with a file selection dialog but does not upload the file. 
Steps to reproduce:
* Browse to /Account/Register
* Fill out registration information
* Click on the “Drop Profile Photo” section.
* Select image in file picker and press open.

__[Defect]__
Using a reasonably sized 12-megapixel image test image for the profile photo the image upload resulted in the following error:
``` HTTP500: SERVER ERROR - The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request. (XHR)POST - https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/Games/IsFaceAJAX```
The standard resolution for most cell phone cameras is around this resolution or higher (my personal phone has a 21-megapixel camera). When I resized the image, I was able to upload an image for analysis. Steps to reproduce:
* Browse to /Account/Register
* Fill out registration information
* Drag and drop 12-megapixel test image into the “Drop Profile Photo” section.

__[ShoutOut]__
I really like the theme you've used on the site. It feels like a movie-style assassin website. I really like the little ninja mascot character.

__[ShoutOut]__
I found very few bugs that completely stopped me from using the website. I think you guys have done a wonderful job! Do you have documentation on the API you're building for this project? I think it might be fun to play with.

__[ShoutOut]__
Ther user experience of the website and presentation was consistent and easy to use. I didn't have too much trouble navigating the website other than things that might not be implemented yet. Great job!


