# Alpha Testing

## Sneaky Software

## Vision Statement
For people who want to create and play elimination-based live-action mobile
 games (like Assassin! or Humans Vs. Zombies), the Elimination Framework and API
 is an web application (and associated mobile apps) that allows for a host to
 make a game, set rules, and invite other users to join the game.
 Elimination-based live action games involve players being assigned other
 players as targets and then proceeding to attempt to eliminate their
 target/targets, traditionally with mock-projectiles (like Nerf-guns or balled
 up socks), by whatever rules are established for the specific game, until
 either the last player/team is remaining. Unlike current methods for playing
 elimination-based live-action games, our full website will remove the
 subjectivity that comes from a human moderator and human players determining a
 successful elimination and also make adding more rules and features (like
 player skill modifiers, a player inventory, and methods of elimination) to
 games easier and more fun. The application will store user accounts, skills,
 and stats from previous and on-going games, as well as make decisions for
 furthering current games and setting up new ones.

### https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/

### Any other info needed for testing
To test our sight fully, you should
1) Register an account. You'll need a picture with a face.
2) Create a game and/or join a game.
3) Possibly make other accounts to join the game so you can test the target
   functionality.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!

## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug
(prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the
defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks

Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior
 of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is
 deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not
 present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the
 expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's
 user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear,
 intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts,
 layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about
 the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## Stephen Oliver
__[Deficiency]__ I can upload an image containing two faces and registration is
 okay with that; this behavior may cause issues with recognition. I recommend a
 system to be put in place that allows for images containing only one face or
 perhaps a way to select which face is the player.

__[Deficiency]__ Can't seem to find a way to update my profile image. Consider
 adding it so that users can keep their profile up to date with their most
 recent looks.

__[Presentation]__ The "Badges" icon is stretched vertically on my Dashboard.
 recommend editing the image so that I is of the ratio that the function
 displaying these images is as expected.


__[Defect]__ I hit the check button for checking images from tool on the
 dashboard with no files chosen
  1. Opened the images checker at
     https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/Dashboard/UploadFaces
  2. Did no choose any files
  3. Uncaught TypeError in the console for read property 'replace' of undefined
  4. Expected to see a user friendly error appear in the app page
  5. This is likely a null type error for the replace, good place for a try
     catch block

__[Defect]__ Clicked the "Drop Profile Photo" to upload instead of drag and drop
  1. On account creation
  2. Click the area to upload a photo and selected a photo; then click "Open"
  3. No photo uploaded
  4. Photo uploaded
  5. I recommend fixing this or just disabling it from happening as the drag and
     drop works perfectly.

__[Deficiency]__ The following button on the Dashboard do nothing: Skills and
Inventory

__[Defect]__ Left a game after joining
  1. On a game page of which I recently joined
  2. click the leave game button
  3. White page with the following message at top: "The resource you are looking
     for has been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable."
  4. To reload the game page with my name removed from list of players
  5. This is a 404 of some sort... further investigation by devs required.

  __[ShoutOut]__ Awesome looking page! I was very intuitive and there is a well
  written help page if a user gets lost. Can't wait to see the individual
  projects that link up to this API!
