# Alpha Testing

## Sneaky Software

## Vision Statement
For people who want to create and play elimination-based live-action mobile games (like Assassin! or Humans Vs. Zombies), the Elimination Framework and API is an web application (and associated mobile apps) that allows for a host to make a game, set rules, and invite other users to join the game. Elimination-based live action games involve players being assigned other players as targets and then proceeding to attempt to eliminate their target/targets, traditionally with mock-projectiles (like Nerf-guns or balled up socks), by whatever rules are established for the specific game, until either the last player/team is remaining. Unlike current methods for playing elimination-based live-action games, our full website will remove the subjectivity that comes from a human moderator and human players determining a successful elimination and also make adding more rules and features (like player skill modifiers, a player inventory, and methods of elimination) to games easier and more fun. The application will store user accounts, skills, and stats from previous and on-going games, as well as make decisions for furthering current games and setting up new ones.

### https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/

### Any other info needed for testing
To test our sight fully, you should
1) Register an account. You'll need a picture with a face.
2) Create a game and/or join a game.
3) Possibly make other accounts to join the game so you can test the target functionality.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!

## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?



__Deficiency__
1. I am signing up for the site.
2. Entered everything other than a photo.
3. I cannot figure out why I can't sign up!
4. I expected that I could signup without using a photo and wasn't told otherwise.
5. I would say just add in some form validation here that will tell a user that we need a photo. Even after I used a photo I had to wait for the app to figure out if there was a face or not before moving on with 
the signup.

__Deficiency__
1. I would like to be able to add more people to my game, rather that just one. It seems like in the Add Players Section I am only ever able to access one person? Although the drop down list looks
like it is suppose to allow me to select multiple people at once, but when I click on one person the list goes away.

UPDATE: Figured it out!! It seems like when I click on just the name or the general table cell of the people only one is selected and the drop down menu disappears, but if I click on the select boxes the drop down menu stays. Whooooo! I would suggest a 'preventDefaults()' call when any of the cells are clicked on. This should stop the dropdown menu from disappearing and then you could just edit the onClick() to toggle that cell's check box. 

More info: This seems to happen only: Over, under, on, or to the right of the cell's text. Though I found I do not need to click right on the box and can click around the box and the dropdown list will stay active.

__Deficiency__
When I put in a really long name, maybe like something with 64 characters the dashboard first name will carry over into the menu items and actually be behind the items. Which looks kind cool because it almost seems like the menu items are just popping out at you but still, probably shouldn't happen.

__Deficiency__
I am able to create a game on 5/12/86. Probably shouldn't be able to do this. I mean I don't know that it would break anything, but it doesn't help anything either.

__Defect__
1. Uploaded a photo of my face.
2. Photo is slightly pixilated and my body takes up about 1/4 of the picture, the rest is forest.
3. It says that the image is not a face...I have a face! I like my face...
4. I figured this would load. Not sure if it is because the photo is slightly pixilated or if it is because not enough of my face is in the photo.
5. I would just checkout the docs on the API you are using to see if there is some specifications about the photo quality. Honestly not much you can do about 
this one, but maybe you should allow users to have some default photos to select from that you know will work. Then that removes the need for a user to produce a photo
of themselves. This would be a bonus not only to the functionality of the application but also to the security/privacy of your users.

__Defect__
1. Filled all of my registration out.
2. Filled everything out and uploaded the photo.
3. I did not give a non digit character in my password and it unloaded my photo.
4. I was disappointed that I now need to go find that photo again (I don't have alot of photos of myself) and then reupload it because of a small mistake with my form.
5. It would be really nice to keep that photo there. I suppose this would need to be done with some clientside validation of the form so that the page doesn't reload
or it needs to happen server side with an AJAX call (again so that the page does not need to be rerended and thus lose the photo).

__Defect__
1. Create a new game. Invite players to join.
2. Scroll through and invite players to the game with the 'Email Invites' or 'Update Players' buttons.
3. Nothing happens when I click the email invites or txt invites.
4. I would assume some sort of confirmation would pop up when the invite is sent out.
5. Maybe this feature just isn't implemented yet? Im not sure if I have invited anyone or not?

__Defect__
1. I have a game that I am hosting with some players.
2. I create the game and add my players that I wanna play with. I start the game.
3. I expect that I should be able to eliminate a player from the game with the 'eliminate' button, but instean I am shown an error page that says: "Error: Sorry, not your game"
4. Wait...I thought this was my game? I thought that would Eliminate the player since maybe I got them some how. Though maybe I am wrong about that (wouldn't be the first time), but I am also not given any
helpful information in that error page that tells me maybe what I did wrong, or better yet, what that 'Eliminate' button is really suppose to be used for.

__Defect__
1. I have started a game that I am hosting.
2. I click on 'Start Game', but I didn't see anything change on my screen other than the eliminate button pop up. So I decide to press the 'Start Game' button again.
3. Nothing happens at first(page just refreshs) but I try again, and then I am displayed with an error screen saying : "Error. Sorry not your game".
4. I expected the Start Game button to disappear after the game had started or at least been disabled so I couldn't try and 'Start' the game multiple times.
5. I would just remove or disable the button when the game has already started.

__Defect__
1. Creating a new game.
2. Put in an invalid starting date to the form. In my case: 05/20/201
3. I am directed to an error page that doesn't really tell me what is going on. It just says 'Not your game'. Why isn't it my game!??? Tell me damnnit!!
4. I expected to see a validation error.
5. I would look into some custom validation error stuff and running a check to see if the date has past or not.

__Presentation__
The Badges icon on my homescreen seems to be squished and not as proportional as the other icons? I am on Firefox.

__Presentation__
I totally love the color scheme! The only issue is the small text is a bit difficult to read (Font is very thin). I would suggest making these 'buttons' by adding a little background color to them (or just make them bootstrap buttons) with one of your secondary colors. Or event just change the font color to the color of the menu item text on the user dashboard. Those look really nice and are very easy on the eyes. 

__Recommendation__
As a user I really hate clicking on the browser back button, especially after filing out a form or doing something that changes my profile or whatever. So my suggestion is that wherever possible try and give users a way to return to the page they were just at. As an example I am creating a game and then I add a bunch of people to it. Well that all works, but now I wanna go back and look at my game page. I look around the current page for a bit and realize I will need to press the back button to get to that other page, or go through my dashboad (which means a shit ton more clicking on other things). So to make it easier just add in a 'Return to your game page' button on that page or something. I am a programmer and enduser and am very lazy. I don't wanna move my mouse a ton or click through a ton of menus to get where I wanna be.

__Recommendation__
When trying to put in an HTML tag to the search bar of the game I am shown a default error screen. Good and much better than a YSOD but maybe a custom validation error would be good here?


__Recommendation__
When I am about to accept a friend request I normally like to go to their profile real quick to make sure they are who I think they are. It would be nice to have a clickable name on the Friend Request Modal that would let me visit their profile real quick, or see there photo or something.

__ShoutOut__
Man the site looks really great! I love the badges too, I wish I was able to really play through a game to see what badges you guys have. The dashboard looks really great too. Nice work!


## JT Mozingo.