# Alpha Testing

## Sneaky Software

## Vision Statement
For people who want to create and play elimination-based live-action mobile games (like Assassin! or Humans Vs. Zombies), the Elimination Framework and API is an web application (and associated mobile apps) that allows for a host to make a game, set rules, and invite other users to join the game. Elimination-based live action games involve players being assigned other players as targets and then proceeding to attempt to eliminate their target/targets, traditionally with mock-projectiles (like Nerf-guns or balled up socks), by whatever rules are established for the specific game, until either the last player/team is remaining. Unlike current methods for playing elimination-based live-action games, our full website will remove the subjectivity that comes from a human moderator and human players determining a successful elimination and also make adding more rules and features (like player skill modifiers, a player inventory, and methods of elimination) to games easier and more fun. The application will store user accounts, skills, and stats from previous and on-going games, as well as make decisions for furthering current games and setting up new ones.

### https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/

### Any other info needed for testing
To test our sight fully, you should
1) Register an account. You'll need a picture with a face.
2) Create a game and/or join a game.
3) Possibly make other accounts to join the game so you can test the target functionality.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!

---
## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## Alex LeClerc : DireDog

[Presentation] Most of the azure-like navbars have an icon and then a link that both go to the homepage. The icon and link go to two different pages on the elimination website.

[Presentation] The dark red of the calendar againsted the two different dark greys was kind of hard to look at and read. (I'm colorblind, a little bit, but I also got a second opinion and they agreed)

[Presentation] The "Create New" link on the Join a Game page is very small, and the dark red on the dark grey makes it hard to see.

[Presentation] It's kind of awkard to get to the games you're currently playing? I feel like they should have their own dedicated page as well as a partial view in the dashboard.

[Defect] Image Profile Folder Upload
1. Open up Elimination
2. Click "Register"
4. Fill out form
5. Click within the "Drop Image Here" box
6. Folder explorer opens
7. Choose an image (any image)
ACTUAL: Nothing happens. No error and file upload doesn't seem to do anything
EXPECTED: Either upload, or a message, or an error
REMARKS: Yeah... I know that the instructions on the page say to "Drop Image Here", but the design of the page could also prevent this from happening so the user isn't confused.

[Defect] Username characters
1. Open Elimination
2. Click register
3. Fill out form
4. Enter a username with a period [.]
5. Complete form with photo
6. Click "REGISTER" button
ACTUAL: Asp.Net Identity Error
EXPECTED: Me to be registered


[Defect] Single Player Game
1. Open Elimination 
2. Log in
3. Join a game
4. Start game with only one player
ACTUAL: I am my own target.
EXPECTED: Some sort of handling, that doesn't allow a player to start a game with only one participant.
REMARKS: I think this caused a bunch of other defects... I got an email that only had a period for a name, and didn't tell me what my target was. When I manually eliminated myself I got an error in the console window.