# Alpha Testing

## Sneaky Software

## Vision Statement
For people who want to create and play elimination-based live-action mobile games (like Assassin! or Humans Vs. Zombies), the Elimination Framework and API is an web application (and associated mobile apps) that allows for a host to make a game, set rules, and invite other users to join the game. Elimination-based live action games involve players being assigned other players as targets and then proceeding to attempt to eliminate their target/targets, traditionally with mock-projectiles (like Nerf-guns or balled up socks), by whatever rules are established for the specific game, until either the last player/team is remaining. Unlike current methods for playing elimination-based live-action games, our full website will remove the subjectivity that comes from a human moderator and human players determining a successful elimination and also make adding more rules and features (like player skill modifiers, a player inventory, and methods of elimination) to games easier and more fun. The application will store user accounts, skills, and stats from previous and on-going games, as well as make decisions for furthering current games and setting up new ones.

### https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/

### Any other info needed for testing
To test our sight fully, you should
1) Register an account. You'll need a picture with a face.
2) Create a game and/or join a game.
3) Possibly make other accounts to join the game so you can test the target functionality.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!

---
## Defect Reports

__[Defect]__ This is a good description of a defect or bug (prefix with [Defect]) where I will tell you what the conditions were for the defect to occur and then what the failure was.  Include:

    1. Starting condition, setup or scenario
    2. Steps to replicate the failure
    3. Actual result
    4. Expected result
    5. Remarks
    
Most importantly: __be specific!__

__[Deficiency]__ Report a deficiency with this tag.  A deficiency is a behavior of the application that is functionally correct (not a failure) but is deficient in some manner; or a feature or behavior that is expected but not present.  This can include a feature of the website that does not meet the expectations generated by the vision statement.

__[Presentation]__ This is how you can report problems with the application's user interface.  Is there something in the presentation that isn't clear, intuitive or an example of good UI design?  Do you like the colors, fonts, layout?  Does it make sense?  Don't be negative, be helpful and constructive.

__[Recommendation]__ Give the development team a recommendation.

__[ShoutOut]__ Give the development team a shout-out.  What did you like about the application?

---
Actual reports start here ...

## TJ Dennis : DireDog

[Presentation] The requirements for the creation of a new profile is not defined before trying to submit. I dont know why I am uploading a photo without context. 

[Shoutout] Hella nice design and art choice.

[Presentation/suggestion] The email is displaying as my username on the top left, Since I already added in my name information having the email there is a little less than required, maybe just the first name,

[Defect] When uploading an image to be checked I recieved an unccaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'replace' of undefined
This did happen to be my own profile picture. But instead of getting an error message on the user end, it seems that I only see "Checking Images" but no input or output from the site is occuring. 

[Deficiency] There doens't seems to be any script defence or Captcha for log in attempts or for creation of new users. 

[Defect] When Trying to leave a game I get a custom error page. "The resource you are looking for has been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable." But it has none of the styling of the rest of the site so it doesn't quite match the feel.

[Presentation] going to the log in page when im already logged in asks me to log in again. 

[Presentation] There is a way to have your password emailed to the user if you want to change it once you are already logged in, but no feature to do the same if you havent logged in yet.

[Presentation] Going to badges the "Friend Request Bade" shows the null icon for when an image doesn;t load correctly. 

[Defect] Typing in a custom extention off of the url such as https://elimination.azurewebsites.net/health results in a generic 404.

[Defect] Going to invite players for a custom game will show a list of private information such as email and phone numbers, potentially sensitive and shouldnt be available.

[Shoutouts] I personally couldnt find a way to get the server to crash so 10/10. The styling is on point and really consistent exept for error pages. Overall it feels polished and ready to go if you execpt the errors on uploading images. 